# future-learn-exploratory-data-analysis

Introduction Exploratory data analysis has been done on future learn dataset of a cyber security course. The datasets were well considered and then informed choice was made for exploratory data analysis.

# Files to be found: (FL folder the folder submitted on NESS)

1. Git log file is present in FL folder
2. Critical thinking report can be accessed in reports folder inside FL. -This file contains summary of the project and relection of feelings in the project.
3. Report about full eda is also present in reports folder inside FL. -This file is generated by using knit to pdf in the reports.rmd file that can be found in reports folder
4. Presentation can be found in the other submission on NESS.
   
# Steps to replicate:

1. Download the zip folder and unzip the contents in the directory where you wanna keep your project.
2. Open Rstudio
3. Set working directory by the command setwd ("./where/you/wanna/keep/the/project") or it can be done through session tab on the menu bar: session > set working directory > choose directory.
4. Open reports.rmd and run all by clicking RUN>RUN ALL button in rstudio.
5. To generate pdf report click on knit or knit to pdf.
   
# Platform used: 

This project has been made and tested on windows operating system with windows 10 running, with 16gb ram and core i5 processor(7th gen). It would easily be replicated in a similar or better environment. It may need some additional encoding for different OS.

# Miscellaneous: 

If R doesn't have any packages installed for these libraries:

1. ProjectTemplate
2. tidyverse
3. dplyr
4. parsedate
5. sqldf
6. lubridate
7. ggplot2
Just run this command install.package("library name")
